Test Line "This is an example of a very long line that I think would be a real hit if you knew how to write it better. Seriously - this thing could go viral. All it needs is a little spit and grit and some good luck and this will break the internet faster than you can recite every word in the english dictionary!"

John "Hello World!" list(items -f long), playSong("Intro Song" -v 1)

setScene("Classroom" -s 5.5)

World "Hello, \"Quote Here\" right back at you!"

narrator "And so ended the traditional 'Hello World' conversation." PlaySong(End, -p 0.5), list(players), saveGame(1 -g all -f simple)



Narrator: "You decide to head into the kitchen for a quick snack.." playSong("Intro Song" -v 1)

Narrator: "You find a half eaten bag of chips and a bag of bread rolls"

Narrator: "You really should go to the store"

Narrator: "Using your incredible cooking skills, you put the chips in the bread and topped it off with buffalo sauce"

Narrator: "It turns out to be not the worst thing you’ve eaten! You earn +1 Smarts"



Narrator: "You spot Luke out of the corner of your eye, seemingly yelling at something… Is that smoke?"

Luke: "Dammit, Sunny! I told you to add water to it!"

Sunny: "And how was I supposed to know you needed water to make noodles?!"

Luke: "YOU ARE MEANT TO READ THE INSTRUCTIONS."
Luke: "You know... /THE ONES ON THE SIDE OF THE BOX/."

Sunny: "Psh! Those are for amateurs! I’m a professional, and besides, I like my food a little burnt!"

Luke: "It is far from burnt- it’s charred, you /idiot/."

Sunny: "Charred, schmarred, all I know is that it tastes like perfection!"
Sunny: "You. dear boy, simply have horrible taste!"

Luke: "...Excuse you?"

Sunny: "You heard me! Why, I bet you couldn’t tell the difference between cow manure and a fresh apple pie!"
Sunny: "I mean, after all, if your taste in food is anything like your fashion sense, you have no say in what is acceptable."

Luke: "Why you little. . ."

Narrator: "Yikes... Talk about bad timing..."
Narrator: "Luke looks like he's about to pummel Sunny, AND your kitchen may just burn down in the process.."
Narrator: "Maybe you should say someting to break up this little debate?"
